License: Standard License
Important – please read.

You MUST agree to the terms below before using our website and downloading and using our free sound effects. We have tried to make our license as easy to understand as possible and we really want you to get the best use from our free sound effects and music. If in any doubt about how you intend to use our sounds with regards to this license, please get in touch.

This License grants a single user the right to download and use our sound effects and music.

Attribution / Credit Required
Sound effects licensed via this standard license require attribution in the form of a credit / link back to our website. Please do NOT credit us from any social media platform. Credits must be added to the project itself, for example in your YouTube video description, app or game credits page or your projects related website or blog etc.  We are fairly flexible on how you do this, but we recommend something like:

“Sound effects obtained from https://www.zapsplat.com“
“Additional sound effects from https://www.zapsplat.com“
“Music from https://www.zapsplat.com“
For more examples on crediting us and also our logos, should you need them, click here.

Can’t (or don’t want to) credit us if you use our sounds?
If you can’t or don’t want to attribute or credit us when using sounds from this license, you can upgrade your account to a Gold account with a small monthly or yearly donation (you choose how much and cancel anytime). This means you no longer have to credit us, you can also download the original WAV files for all sounds and the 3 sounds per 10 minute download delay is also removed. Any sounds downloaded while your account is upgraded to Gold retain Gold privileges, including attribution removal for life in unlimited projects.

You can upgrade to a Gold account here.

What you can use our free sound effects for:
You can use our sound effects in any non-commercial, commercial and broadcast production, including but not limited to….

Films, television and radio programmes
Commercials
Radio and Podcasts
Games and apps
Within software
YouTube videos
Blogs and websites
School projects
Presentations, conferences, exhibitions etc
Theatrical performances and live shows
Musical compositions and performances
Sound effects must be embedded or synchronized with your production and not be the primary value of your project (in a sound effect app for example). You are allowed to edit the sound effects to fit your project and mix them with other sounds to form new sounds. However you must not redistribute the sound effects outside of your production (see below for more details). If your intended use for our sounds isn’t listed above and you are unsure, please contact us

What you can’t use our free sound effects for:
You may not use our sound effects for the following purposes under any circumstances…

Our sound effects must not be shared with any person.
Our sound effects must not be distributed in any form including on other websites, on social networks, file sharing platforms, CD, DVD or any other ROM.
Our sound effects can not be loaned, rented, sub-licensed or sold to any third party.
Our sound effects can not be edited to form new sound effects for sale or distribution outside of your project.
Please do not share or share links to download our sounds and music to YouTube or any other video or audio network where the primary value is to share our sounds or music outside of a production.
Copyright
Our sound effects and music are licensed to you, not sold on a non-exclusive basis in accordance with the terms of this agreement. No intellectual property rights are transferred to you. Therefore our sound effects and music can be used royalty free in your projects, but we or our contributors retain all copyrights.

Indemnification
The Licensee agrees to indemnify ZapSplat.com from any claims, law-suits, damages and any liabilities including reasonable expenses and legal fees incurred relating to any matter that may arise if this licence agreement is breached.

Disclaimer of Warranties
Zapsplat.com provides the sound effects and music files on this website on an as-is basis and provides no warranties or conditions of any kind. While we have taken absolute care and precautions to ensure the sound effects we provide are error free, we will not be liable for any loss or damage to your systems as a result of downloading and using our sound effects.

Limitation of Liability
The Licensee agrees that Zapsplat.com holds no liability with regards to any claims made in relation to this agreement.

For any questions regarding your intended use of our sound effects, please contact us

You can download a PDF version of this License here.

This is our Standard License. A very small selection of our sounds are Licensed via the CC0 License, which can be viewed here